Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International
===========================================================

Creative Commons Corporation ("Creative Commons") is not a law firm and
does not provide legal services or legal advice. Distribution of
Creative Commons public licenses does not create a lawyer-client or
other relationship. Creative Commons makes its licenses and related
information available on an "as-is" basis. Creative Commons gives no
warranties regarding its licenses, any material licensed under their
terms and conditions, or any related information. Creative Commons
disclaims all liability for damages resulting from their use to the
fullest extent possible.

Using Creative Commons Public Licenses

Creative Commons public licenses provide a standard set of terms and
conditions that creators and other rights holders may use to share
original works of authorship and other material subject to copyright
and certain other rights specified in the public license below. The
following considerations are for informational purposes only, are not
exhaustive, and do not form part of our licenses.

     - Considerations for licensors: Our public licenses are
       intended for use by those authorized to give the public
       permission to use material in ways otherwise restricted by
       copyright and certain other rights. Our licenses are
       irrevocable. Licensors should read and understand the terms
       and conditions of the license they choose before applying it.
       Licensors should also secure all rights necessary before
       applying our licenses so that the public can reuse the
       material as expected. Licensors should clearly mark any
       material not subject to the license. This includes other CC-
       licensed material, or material used under an exception or
       limitation to copyright. More considerations for licensors.

     - Considerations for the public: By using one of our public
       licenses, the public agrees to its terms and conditions. To
       the extent this public license may be interpreted as a
       contract, the public is granted the licensed rights in
       consideration of its acceptance of these terms and
       conditions. A licensor may require the public to provide
       attribution and other information as a condition of reuse.
       The public should be aware that our licenses do not grant
       permission to use trademarks, patents, or other rights not
       expressly licensed. The public should also be aware that our
       licenses do not grant permission to use material in ways that
       violate third-party rights, such as privacy or publicity
       rights. More considerations for the public.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0
International Public License

By exercising the Licensed Rights (defined below), You accept and agree
to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Creative Commons
Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International Public License
("Public License"). To the extent this Public License may be
interpreted as a contract, You are granted the Licensed Rights in
consideration of Your acceptance of these terms and conditions, and the
Licensor grants You such rights in consideration of benefits the
Licensor receives from making the Licensed Material available under
these terms and conditions.

Section 1 -- Definitions.

  a. Adapted Material means material subject to Copyright and Similar
     Rights that is derived from or based upon the Licensed Material
     and in which the Licensed Material is translated, altered,
     arranged, transformed, or otherwise modified in a manner requiring
     permission under the Copyright and Similar Rights held by the
     Licensor. For purposes of this Public License, where